This is my cake reciepe 

This chocolate cake is easy-to-prepare and can be made on any occasion. It can also be used as a base for any exotic cake. All you need is just a few ingredients in place to tweak this cake as per your preference. Chocolate cake is a simple yet yummy recipe, which can be prepared using the readily available ingredients. Also, it's a perfect dessert for special occasions & festivals, and can be decorated with your favourite dry fruits to make it an indulgent dessert. Chocolate cake is one of the most popular dessert recipes and is undoubtedly a treat for the taste buds. You can make this simple cake recipe by using ingredients like butter, sugar, flour, cocoa powder, eggs, and baking powder. If you want to make it healthy, then you can replace sugar with sugar-free. You need not be an expert chef to nail this delectable dessert. If you're craving some gooey chocolate cake and don't have the time and patience to prepare the elaborate ones, then try this easy recipe! You can serve this chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream as a dessert at house parties and get-togethers. If you want to make someone feel important and loved, why not bake a cake for them at home? Baking at home also gives you control over the quality of ingredients that go into the cake. If you want to give this chocolate cake a fancy look, then you may decorate it with fruits, whipped cream and cherries. This dessert recipe is loved by kids and can be packed for school tiffin as well. Try out this easy cake recipe and flaunt your culinary skills. You can add your own twist to this cake recipe, by making it a layered cake by slicing the cake into three layers and adding your favourite flavoured cream to it. However, we suggest you add some whipped white cream and top it with some choco chips, and once you are done with layering, you can prepare a ganache and pour it over the cake. Then let it cool and garnish it with some roasted nuts! No matter how you decorate, we bet your family and friends will love this heavenly delicacy.